hey afterbuzzers we are here for another
two exciting episode recaps of orange
the new black season 4 episode 3 don't
say anything and season 4 episode 4 dr.
psycho destination for TV super fan
discussion afterbuzz TV and now
beautiful something to keep up with you
guys that I tried challenged hate
listening to me I like listening to
myself and you so well welcome everyone
this is season 4 episode 3 don't say
anything I am Scott Moore I will be
saying something and so are these lovely
ladies to my left introduce yourself
please hello I'm cami Cole all glad to
be here ready to recap another episode
follow me on Twitter at kanika law hey
guys I'm sterling Cates and you can find
me on Twitter at Stirling Cates hey
April wasn't and you can find me on
Twitter and Instagram at a prolific and
thanks for having me out yeah thank you
and you can find me on Twitter at sman
ad that's SMA an 8 0 alright let's start
first thoughts of this episode what did
you all think first thoughts first
thought is I don't really care about
so-so and I'm tired of it like I don't
really care about her backstory that
much just because her personality kind
of annoys me in general but again and
I'll talk about this later when we talk
about episode 4 that was so says
character it's like the her backstory
that we got this episode is nothing new
we didn't learn anything new about her
personality and why she is the way she
is that we didn't know before don't know
when we learned about her backstory
before you know what I mean yeah like
there's other inmates that care about
learning in the first place not I don't
need a second run up seeing how bad of a
person says yeah I don't think you're
alone on that I think a lot of people
don't really find her to be the most
appealing and her lying in her flashback
about how she suffered from that I guess
you can call it kind of adds to her
personality makes a lot of sense but to
be honest I think Tastee made up for all
of us yeah but also off so so I only
really care about who Said's future and
she is so who stays happy I'm happy that
whatever that's true I'm just like I
can't figure out where to go with so
so's character like if none of it kind
of meshes together in the way that I
feel like they want it to so there I
feel like them putting her with
say right now is to give her a little
more I don't know kind of gumption to
her story cuz she's just kind of she's
always been like the floater no one
really knows what she's not to her what
she's about and I don't know I'm just
kind of constantly annoyed with her
character it's incredibly annoying and
always has been
but yes tasty in this episode we love
you you're watching please come on and
visit her just this whole episode with
her being the being Caputo's assistant
is just so great honestly I would be
absolutely fine with the rest of the
season job asked a bit of the missus I
would just love that yes her making the
labels with all of her little like
nicknames and everything like tasty was
here assimilated into the position just
ready to like dressing up calling
whoever she wants now I think it's a
perfect fit for her I agree especially
why Caputo hired her to begin with yeah
really win who said that she's only sin
my intelligent that's in my judgment we
even think creepy Caputo in a long time
yes he was prettier before that
absolutely and we kind of talked about
this last week sorry you weren't here
but well we brought that up with some of
these characters that we've now watched
them kind of mature as a series as
matured and part of it was seeing the
the good and bad of each character and
really going down and part of it was
that Caputo is it's creepy and
everything is in a while we see that and
we did see that again on the episode
here so even he also has those moments
where you're like oh well he's kind of a
good guy right yeah he's older creepy
he's ultimately a good guy but he's also
I mean I guess that's every person right
and but that's what's so great about
this particular show and the writing is
the fact that they really do show that
with the characters and the other big
thread line here of course is we have
the whole lolly
galux thing and obviously we still have
Judy King and her her situation right so
and then of course we have Piper right
with her the panty business here and her
trying to be like thinking she's all
that so those are sort of the main
lines right and definitely wanted to
kind of go into the whole stuff with
Judy Cain you know we kind of we're
dealing with that - after tasty being
the assistant for Caputo we're dealing
with her trying to get into the garden
and now sort of the clash that she's
having with red eye actually again
there's so many great lines too in the
way the show writes and you hear Judy he
gets officially introduced to red and
red was talking about what she was
called as a kid you know like I was
called little sad so now I'm bigger and
hotter now yeah it was fantastic yeah
yeah I do - it's great there was so much
to Judy King that I just feel like it's
just coming to the surface knowing that
she's got this other side to her that
we've kind of talked about with other
characters in the past but what do you
think I mean I don't even think that
she's really legit as a entrepreneur as
far as cooking and all that do you think
that that's something we're gonna find
out or I think so she wasn't even
interested when Healey offered her that
especially doing a cooking class like
that would be something anyone would
love she's got a huge class in front of
her I think that was in the episode to
follow but we talked about both of the
mouths of nobody they blur together I
think we're gonna find out yeah a lot
more we said this last episode to her
last week that we're gonna find a lot
more layers underneath our that she
definitely puts on a front yeah I like I
like seeing that we think that she's
this miss southern belle has why is she
in prison in the first leg right but
then she kind of punches those
one-liners die you know whether it's
whatever it was with red or and we see
it later in episode 4 - when she kind of
just like shows her little sass and that
she's standing her ground yeah and we
saw it last week - when she was talking
into yoga yoga Jones or whatever so you
can see that there's like is that bad
side to her so I'm I'm really looking
forward to her background and where that
comes from and we also see it when she's
talking to loose check and she has this
like really kinky background and that's
probably the next episode as well Beth
you know you can still kind of see those
like different sides of her she's not
this goody
and and I think that's gonna be the
fascinating in the sea because I know a
lot of people out there I already seen
the whole entire episode Darkseid
dodging spoilers it is but the other
thing about and she's fascinating to me
because she's got that cross between
like a Paula Deen slash Martha Stewart
kind of thing where you're kind of
getting the worst parts of both of those
and and it's just I find our character
so much fun though
yeah because you can really play with
that and it's great to see her what you
said with red and with Lucy and with
everybody there and how she's
interacting with everybody it's a lot of
fun every time someone walks around in
that garden though were y'all not
freaking out I'm like there's a body
right below you like how has no one
discovering right yeah and she was
having the garden kind of like shopping
and Healy was like support supervising
her this plan here well I mean that's
the whole thing was with lolly well yeah
you know kind of it she represents to me
that that side there were all kind of
feeling like oh my god like it's the
body they're like yeah but kind of
playing on that really heavy paranoia
side but what we're all thinking
yes like oh my god how can they just go
about their day and there's this body
like right under the ground and I know
it like it like lonely knows yeah and I
was also wondering like has anyone not
noticed that Aidan's gone guard and they
have him on the clock and then he's just
not there anymore and that was sort of
what we were talking about last week too
is how long is it going to take for no
say now you know the drug lord the main
guy's name oh yeah how long's gonna take
for him tonight
I know no cuz we're talking about last
week is like there's only a certain
amount of time where he's not gonna want
to be calling him we're checking in so
some of those stuff that always drives
me crazy to you cuz it's too long if
you're gonna come back it's got my way
they're gonna find out but also he's
gonna find out too
yeah yes but notice what he's more
dangerous on it right you know noticing
a missing guard is huge though now that
you bring that up like I Alton it's a
loophole it could be a loophole in the
plot or they just they're so busy and so
overcrowded and so much is happening
they just forgot about but they're also
like so understaffed they're like when
they notice the point
yeah I mean that's a good point he
brought because I kept thinking about
Cooper trying to figure it out but
you're right I mean why would they not
at this point be wondering where he is
and part of the the only problem that
that I have with the show now is that
you have so many characters that you you
won't have enough time to really deal
with everything so there's so many
things that are kind of off on the side
there and like this character I mean yes
he's central and obviously these bodies
right there and central Mali and a few
craziness but then why is anyone be
dealing with like where is he
nobody seems to care as far as on the
prison side and nobody's carrying on the
other side or or is this part of a plot
device that we find out down the road a
couple episodes I'm sure that's it yeah
which I'm sure well here are the
comments from people again don't give
anything away yeah in your comments cuz
we are really only there at the end of
season 4 so we are watching this all for
the first time we have no idea what's
happening down the line but that is a
very good point that you bring up so
yeah we we're dealing with that we're
dealing with obviously we get a lot of
so so as well and we were talking about
that a few minutes ago about the
relationship with poussey and I do agree
with you I think part of that is to give
her something to do yeah because
otherwise we we have no reason to have
her around at least at this point and
it's nice to again like you like you
were saying sterling to have crusade
being a relationship but we see kind of
fall through here we see the the
backstory which didn't give us that much
more I mean it really didn't I think
what you were saying it does kind of
give a little bit of credence to why she
acts the way she does it's sort of the
wants to do the right thing but then
suggesting yeah
adjusting herself to people I feel like
she's even have a hard time fitting in
the prison I mean here she is with a
whole new group who they don't really
find her to be included yeah they just
kind of like consider her or the
Oriental girl you know just giving her a
hard time so I think she just needs to
feel fitted it fit in somewhere with her
flashback she wanted to impress that boy
now she wants impress friends who say
exactly it's like she does whatever she
can remove insecurities yeah totally
absolutely
yes but you're right like that
insecurity and feeling like she's sort
of wants to do the right thing but then
it doesn't come out the right way and
because she's so insecure she wants to
even if it involves lying yeah to get
her point across and not only that but
she also just like lives in her
completely own world like she's
assumptions about things she makes
assumptions about people she just
assumes you know they grew up this way
or this way because of this way and and
the one thing I did like about her
backstory with this episode it really it
contributed to that what was going on in
the prison when she was talking to Judy
and it was like she made this assumption
about that sex offender and like did all
the stuff and then said what she wanted
to about sex offender to get her own way
and that's what she did with who say
story line to Judy she made up this
story in order to get what she wanted
from it or she just genuinely assumed
that that is where peace that came from
so it's like and all her references she
goes the one percent versus the other 1%
right yeah it was pretty relevant I
think yeah it was and and and again the
story the show does a good job bringing
up really relevant hot-button topics
that are going on now but you're right I
mean it was sort of this whole this
whole thing about her making the
assumption that that's where her
background came from but again it was
like she wanted to do something good
because she thought oh this is the way
to connect you know with Judy and
get-get-get who say to be able to meet
with her and have that lunch and
everything that but she went about it
the wrong way for that bottom they're
all stereotypical without actually even
and not even really knowing where her
background was right and that just goes
back to what you were saying
why is she you know she just wants to
fit in with this group with poo size
group in this whole thing and she's
getting really close with who say but
she does nothing about her like she's
talking about herself all the driving
questions about right as person she
wants to be in a relationship so really
she has it she's not in it because she
cares about she's in it because it
is that it's somewhere she fed saying
something for her she's getting
attention from it and it's like then I
love to say so much I'm like wow she's
taken advantage of her
so along the entire time though let me
know so I I'm not surprised that she is
like grasping at the attention that
she's getting because even who say he's
been alone for so long and has wanted
someone so it's like they're both
getting something out of it I just think
that like so so stealing's aren't as
real I mean even like the moment with
the boom box and everything that was
really sweet
but because she that's just because she
doesn't want to be alone in prison like
she wants someone to like be able to
really be her friend because she's not
any friends I guess I never thought
about her not actually having real
feelings for poussey I thought she
actually did care for her but now I'm
thinking about what you guys are saying
if someone else came along and gave her
the attention she might just drop who
say the instant and go for that other
girl so well and sort of what she was
saying it's all about being in the
moment of being politically correct in
this like you know with the whole stuff
that she was doing what the corporate
greed and then it's oh I don't have I
don't want to have well you know genders
I love people all and yeah again there's
nothing wrong with that and there are
people out there that really don't fit
into any particular gender and
everything but from her perspective it
comes across as she's just trying to
film the PC world and try to fit in
whatever way she can and it didn't come
across as genuine and you're absolutely
right and the whole fact that it's all
about her and her way of being able to
fit in and she'll do whatever it takes
to do that like we saw the with the
backstory and the sex offender which I
thought was a great scene first of all I
love how they did the stereotypical
mustache even watching like I wrote down
stereotypical mustache but it also
brought up a really really good point
about the whole thing about how they
were just having consensual sex out in
public and now all of a sudden he has to
be labeled as a sex offender it kind of
reminds me of a law that we had back in
Florida where if you I mean it's kind of
gross but if you went to the bathroom as
a guy in public and somehow someone
caught you it would be the same thing
when you're kid you're like I'm going
out after a bar a night of drinking at
the bar and you don't want to wait for
the bathroom you go outside and I'll be
back and you're thinking if you got
caught for something like that it is not
even sexual and somehow you're gonna be
labeled as a sex offender it brought
again the the stuff that's on the books
right now with laws and how it's really
doesn't make sense now this guy's life
is essentially ruined mm-hmm because now
he's labeled was that and and it's not
right so I love when the when the show
brings up very relevant issues like that
because you did you're starting to watch
it and I was thinking when I was
watching like oh no he probably didn't
do anything that crazy I don't know what
you all think
I loved it the line that he said when
she finally signed it and he said it's
not like Walmart's gonna lose anyway
right cuz that just goes back to that
whole corporate greed and very true so
so it like she's she's said she's
basically just parroting everything
she's read and everything's that she's
heard is supposed to be PC but she
doesn't like actually know what she's
talking about
which is why she comes off PC to kind of
fit in in some way which in this case
was that group I mean at the end of the
day all she wanted was just to win a bet
yeah she clearly didn't care yeah I was
a little creeped out the word for it I
thought he was gonna do something I
wasn't sure I'm nervous cuz you who goes
in yeah yeah petition goes in you're
saying it's very naive and she's just
thinking I'm gonna do whatever I have to
do to win this bet kind of yeah and it's
not even that it's just that it is hard
when you're up against not even
something with so much money but also it
always it looks so good on the political
side for these cities and towns anyway
it's like oh you're creating jobs you're
adding this great place where everyone
can go shop especially in small towns I
mean we have that here in you know
outside in Burbank right now they're
doing this huge new Walmart in there
they are
yeah and IKEA is moving and building
like the biggest IKEA in the United
States they're closing the one in
downtown Burbank and building a new one
so again this is relevant stuff what's
happening now and it's really hard to
say no to those companies when they're
bringing lots of jobs and they bring in
some like a community point where people
can go shopping well it's all about
that's Bernie Sanders fight right now so
unfortunately for for another day but
yeah it's maybe another after there we
go great tease see we did we did that on
purpose good we're at the t's but yeah
we uh you know the other thing that I
was as we're kind of segwaying back
we have Caputo again you know the whole
assistant thing but also the whole Linda
stuff with yes which she was just creepy
from the last I think it was episode I
feel like he deserves someone at this
point like we've only seen him kind of
go through bad stuff but I don't know I
feel like it takes like a kind of a
weird person to like him because he's a
little off so I don't know I'm kind of I
was happy that he like had some sort of
connection with somebody yeah I was
happy for the connection I mean this
that they were like suggesting was we're
veterans exactly yeah and of course it's
over the top but again stuff that's
really happening in this corporate world
of like how can we save money and oh
this is a great idea so she's sort of
that corporate shrill like right person
and I don't think she's necessarily a
bad person maybe she is and we'll find
out later season but I just think she's
just trying to sort of like so so she
reminds me a lot of so so in that way
that she wants to kind of fit in and be
the corporate person and do what we
should do and play that whole game and
she's just in the middle of that but I
just don't like all the people yeah on a
personal level like yes I'm happy
computer fine found someone who wants to
go on a date with them I couldn't be
more happy for him
but on a the kind of Link's into his
professional life it makes me nervous
that she is so MCC all the way corporate
all the way cuz then what does that mean
for the inmates and what does that mean
for what's actually going on at the
prison's
the whole relationship with them to just
just think it's just gonna end up
bringing out the bad side to him though
like I know this is an episode four but
even when she's like you why do you feel
bad for them that he's always had I feel
like that's why his character is
relatable because even though he you
know does some messed up stuff sometimes
he's like you can tell you his a heart
and he actually like bears for the
people who work there and for the
prisoners sometimes so I think she's
just gonna kind of wipe that away or she
might bring out an amour of aggressive
side to him that maybe he needs yeah
because I've seen the next episode which
we'll talk about with him and and the
former guard Donaldson that was episode
three yeah so it was kind of sad to see
like well yeah I was telling him like
why you know you I mean he did he didn't
screw them over but he did get a job and
then I couldn't do the benefits whatever
but I mean they did ultimately leave him
and one of the toughest time so that is
one of the ways where I was like oh she
did you know she's making him stand up
for himself but I could like see her
just maybe like going farther and
farther right and also playing an
advocate for her she did she was kind of
encouraging his caring behavior because
she was like oh that's so cute that even
though they treated you like don't care
about like that sweet like robot so
obviously he kind of like it felt good
that he was like oh yeah well in that
case I'm gonna leave him an extra tip
you know I mean like to kind of rub that
in a little more and I was on the side
on the side of the cards this whole time
you know with them like I'm being
treated like poop and not like me so I
get I would probably leave that
situation with Joe but when Caputo said
you know and should hit the fan and you
turn it up that was a great one but when
he said it that way
it kind of made me realized wow he
really was left with no one and all of
these inmates running free so I mean we
say there's there's two sides and
there's the truth the sort of middle
because you're having two different
perspectives of what happened there's
always gonna be you know very
differences there and they're gonna have
that truth in the middle yes ma'am but
it was still it was still sad to see
that because regardless to see someone
kind of fall that far I don't think they
were yeah I'm just saying as far as like
maybe salary and yeah exactly I keep
saying working three jobs if you're
working as a busboy you're not making
necessarily the money you're making
yeah what did you guys think of learning
a little bit more about Vinny and oh my
god all I have to say is shooting that
scene must have been I mean that scene
was so funny we were talking last week
about there's got to be something wrong
with you dude because he wouldn't marry
someone and right now he never met
before like outside friend and now we
kind of know right well kind of young
like I'm saying like you know any other
young adult or whatever Italy so I feel
like when he meets a woman who makes him
feel more like a man he'd take that
opportunity right away you know that's
why I'm saying like he was more
vulnerable to Lauren there's got to be
something else there there that did not
that didn't leave when you're feeling
satisfied as far as like why he would
have done well that was the first lie we
find out that he tells her so there
probably are more alive know bolted like
with what's it called like telepathic
sex know what it's called because I
actually know which I was expecting
someone to do that there's just like let
them go a from what I saw though and
that scene where he was at home and his
family bedroom he had his wedding ring
on but then I'm like too obvious I'm
guessing his parents don't know that
he's married so I was trying to figure
that out too so I crying do they know
well that's where I was thinking we
don't know we don't know but you saw his
wedding ring on so it made me think
about that I'm like that's a good point
hmm and then obviously if I like his
parent you know obviously cuz that first
was like oh does he have a whole secret
family of the wife
obviously so I want to know what it is
there's definitely something else there
because I was not feeling like that's it
I feel like I don't know no because
there's too many people that have that
situation like you live it especially
this generation where people can't
afford to move out yeah but they're
family or whatever so that to me wasn't
interesting enough something people do
just do that though like in real life
they have like prison penpal in love
with these people who they've never met
right of course
I mean Tibbett I would guess that they
have to be often some long-distance
relationship right right away but he's a
young guy you know he's got like but
there wasn't you know what I'm saying
there's yes because that's normal of a
situation and pleasant TV you got to
keep us flaking over-the-top character
so anyways I thought that was a great
scene yeah I mean that was I'm like a
emmy-winning right there honestly I was
laughing so hard
and before we get to too much further
cuz I know if it jump into episode 4
because we're running behind but you
know I love the whole scene with the
eyedrops
yes oh yeah I'm doing a lot with the
little yeah
that was great to get back at duty which
was great oh yeah I mean and that's the
whole thing with Rand is that she always
finds a way to kind of learn to kind of
get in there and be vindictive and I
love that side of her personality cuz
we've seen a lot of her helping people
and you know that's tough which I love
too but again with the two sides my
research I love that you know you don't
you definitely don't across or even
though does a good person to go to for
help she will you don't want her to be
on your bad side I want to feed best
friends with her with a drone at the end
I mean why is there a drone there did we
find out no but then I'm it as weird Wow
yeah well get into the episode four but
we'll talk about that too but I also
don't want to miss you know Piper
because of course she was the whole
reason was beginning the show at the
beginning the series this was sort of
her shell
family and we're starting to see yes
we're seeing the cracks in the empire
here and she's still trying to act like
she's the gangster with an A you know
she's realizing that yeah and that goes
into the yeah I when she even lost her
people to our teammate Sarah she's good
she's got some competition right yeah um
I think it's good I don't know what you
what you think I think it's good only
because I feel like her and Alex are
getting closer and I'm a huge supporter
of them they need each other right now
yeah I'm so tired they're back and forth
though yeah that's not cute though I
know but it started me crazy this is
like it's like the Ross and Rachel but
prisons violence but but I love to kind
of see that too because I also feel like
she needs to be kind of brought back
down a little bit that's getting a lot
of control and I know part of it is sort
of her trying to be like she's the big
baddie
but Parvez her also starting to believe
that she is owed this as well being the
big baddie kind of thing I think it's
good for her to - yeah and then of
course going back to lolly with you know
what you're saying with the drone and
she's just going a crazy the last line
was so great with Frida oh right
I just love the we end it
matter-of-factly yeah we're just gonna
have to kill her with that tail the
garden though I just don't understand
but nobody even says that in the last in
Episode two she's Tama oh it's all
tilled and moved in but eventually they
have to dig those Tomatoes up diddly
wrap the body and like cloth or like
some sort of material like does that
just like go into the earth yeah feel
like the body would decompose but the
clothes you just dig a little bit
especially like she said like sick one
foot deep with six different pieces like
that's not very deep exactly yeah yeah I
mean obviously we know something we know
that
it's gonna be revealed it's just a
matter of time right but that was a good
ending
yeah she's segue into Episode four
doctor psycho
what were your overall thoughts of this
episode one when we listen Nikki we've
all these people and we were kind of
talked about how we've never really seen
shoe before yeah yes Luke says earlier
previous seasons but never really like
talked about Caputo and Sophia to like
their relations yeah but we never really
saw when Nikki left when she was sent to
max security we didn't know where she
win exactly like when she went to Shu or
she went to yeah cuz there is a max
security prison
that's not sure you'd like the
punishment but that's where she's been
she's been in prison max she's been a
Mac security cell I guess when Sofia
will talk about later but like what you
know so she a shoe and Max security
security I think it's because she's set
it on fire so they had everyone make
them go somewhere else everyone had to
kind of evacuate yeah and that that
seemed like she hasn't she's been she's
still been at Litchfield
but like shoe the shoe was there and
then max is like down the street okay
good so I think maybe like I'm shoes
like yeah I got together water yeah okay
yeah all right well I was never really
knew where she went
yeah and I'm still curious I still I can
see her again the season yeah it's gonna
happen with her and we talked about that
I want to see more about her but this
was a an action-packed episode too
because we're dealing with Sophia
we also heal his backstory we're still
dealing with Piper we learned about
daya's mom Aleta getting out of prison
we see tasty continuing to work and we
see Healy trying to get Judy King with
her cooking class and you know so
there's a lot there and we learn a
little bit more of the relationship with
bouce and so so and you know getting cut
in code and codes yeah then here I mean
we've just got a lot that happened I
mean this episode oh dear 3-pack and
then of course lolly Oh
watch the hacking so to start with right
you're saying with Sophia you finally
get to see her you know and more of a
normal fireman she doesn't get to have
her fancy
wig on and looking all beautiful and
everything she's just there and this
this horrible environment I mean we've
talked about this and this is something
that's been ongoing - that's actually
here you know in California we have big
issues with solitary confinement and is
it something that should be gotten rid
of is it unconstitutional because you
see just how awful it is for people to
be in these type of situations and and
it's and that's where we kind of see
that side - with Caputo where I'm not
quite sure whose angle because obviously
you know last episode when Krystal came
up and said I want to talk to you and we
need to get her out and then he's
basically telling Sophia that no no your
wife agrees with me you need to stay in
here and everything fine what do you
think yeah what do you think his
motivation is to keep her in there well
so they don't have room for another
place right thank you well but at the
end last season I don't I won't be able
to remember his name for the life of me
but the guy who's like the MCC guy
whatever remark he met with him because
he was trying to he was fighting for
Sophia to get out and he was like this
isn't right right we're gonna have a big
political issue on our hands and so it
doesn't make sense that now he's just
like oh okay because it seems like he
would nothing happened for him to be
fighting the other way other than the
MCC guys saying no we need to wait the
but it seems like at this point he could
have especially with oh my gosh I'm out
with the other prisoner fighting I'm
saying like okay this is right oh yeah
she's Gloria yeah she should be out it
just seems like they he could have done
something at this point so I don't
understand why he's kind of like changed
his attitude on now and especially if
he's starting to feel that tension from
crystal kind of like okay let's nip this
problem in the bud and bring her back
yeah yeah he could have done absolutely
I'm curious everyone out there things do
you like comment let us know because
what is his motivation to keep Sophia in
Shu like why at this point yes we know
they're they're overcrowded we get all
that but why is she being set aside in
that sense because it's not obviously
healthy for her psychologically right I
still wondering I was she getting her
medication is she getting her estrogen
they should the treatment is she should
be having and you wonder about that when
they're put in Shu and what's happening
because it's it's it's really kind of a
scary situation so be curious to know
when everyone out there thinks I
wondered if you know by her rebelling
and flooding her her cell and him not
letting her up is that kind of his like
Power Move like oh well you'd throwing a
temper tantrum it's not gonna let like
make me want to do it you know what I
mean well is confused but like reward
that behavior right he reward her doing
that but also he for him keeping her
there right for her cuz after he was
talking to her he told the guard just
get her a new you know shirt get her
cell in a different cell like he's not
like completely disregarding her I
thought it was because his boss told him
him that you should keep her assigned
he's waiting for things to calm down
it's all my whole intention I think that
is why because I haven't given us
another reason to think anything else
but it just seems like it's just been so
long
hasn't necessarily been in the span of
the show because that was in the last
season and they picked fact pick right
back up the timing is hard to tape it
you're the real world kind of timing and
how many times actually elapsed but
regardless she's been down there and
he's not bringing her back at this point
and what is the reason behind that so
and obviously we start with Freda still
wanting to kill Wally okay and then
we've got the whole stuff with a loose
check and Judy can have their little
hangout time and flip the coffee creamer
yeah yeah with beer I thought that was
kind of funny except Healey just
randomly walk up to them thinking like
hey if you want to be included just long
say something I don't think you want to
include it he just wants Judy to himself
right it seems like yeah it kind of goes
you know I don't think it wants to
search the glue shack at all that's true
no no no it goes back to a lot of but it
also goes back to all these characters
with their insecurities
yeah and he's another character has a
really deep insecurity female
relationships are not his thing yeah and
he
just so awkward and whole thing like
careful with all the creamer you know
it's like Lucas and that and that's
where we hear the title of the the
episode when he walks away and behind
his back loose checks oh yeah it's like
dr. psycho crazy stuff so we delve a
little bit more to his backstory did you
feel like that that was something that
we kind of needed from the past previous
backstories in previous seasons or was
it like soso and you weren't really
feeling like we got anything else out of
it I feel like it's something that could
be implied from what we learned
previously about him yeah again it's
kind of like I care more about other
characters do a double-take example pass
at their background but I mean maybe the
little dude the characters who care
about more and future upsets but I do I
mean we did get to see more he's always
trying to help women or like be have
relationships with women but he never
really knows how to go about it
whether it was that homeless lady he
thought was his mom or that his patient
that he went on a date with yeah and she
obviously felt uncomfortable but he's
always forcing it when they express
they're uncomfortable he forces it yeah
even more and we see that with every
single relationship and and we knew that
his his whole thing with his mom from
you know is that obviously that's sort
of the root of a lot of his issues or
abandonment issues with his mom and her
mental you know stuff that she had to
deal with which again is a very big
important thing that's happening on them
now about making sure we treat people
for mental illness and take that
seriously and how it's very difficult
it's not like a physical illness that
you can easily diagnose and it's hard to
get people that get the help they need
and and so this was a very clear thing
and seeing the time period of when it
was happening you know in the 60s and
everything and how it was just a very
different perspective I liked it I liked
the flashback I don't know I I felt even
more bad for Healey and I could really
just he's just somebody who was bullied
from day one it seems he doesn't have a
stable parenthood so it just shows today
and I liked it more especially because
they brought it back full circle in the
end which we'll talk about with lolly
sometimes a bad experience it's actually
beneficial for somebody else and the end
of the day she kind of got saved
so in that sense I liked it it's
interesting to me that you bring up
he's bullied in his past because he
really just bullies other people into
doing what he wants in the long run like
bullies Judy and to doing this food for
fresh or whatever it's not doing so so
and that weird way of feeling accepted
and everything I'm like I'm gonna help
people and now they're gonna desperation
to either feel needed
or does I feel like I'm actually making
a difference yeah
when really he doesn't really care about
what the how it affects someone else he
just cares that he's like oh I'm making
a difference I'm helping people yeah and
he doesn't know how to have these
healthy relationships because of how his
childhood was yeah because he didn't
have that and we can see that maybe his
dad was not equipped to be able to
handle this when his mom left and so you
see he doesn't have that so he he's not
equipped now himself he has an adult on
how to have a healthy relationship yeah
because of what he went through it and
his childhood that's why I think it was
or is kind of important important that
we saw it because he's one of the
originals that we haven't seen anything
from really as far as a lot of
background goes other than with his
crazy wife but I think I feel so bad for
Healy because a lot of the stuff that he
does initially he has really great
intentions with it and it just seems
like no one ever is accepting because of
things that he's maybe said in the past
and so he's creepy yeah he's a friend he
has know a good solid friendship back up
yeah so one friend he'd be content he
wouldn't be pressure anyone else because
he's like searching he's searching he
kind of minded me like searching for a
friend I wasn't like you know desperate
but I could feel his like wanting of
right another we all want companion yeah
he's one of the two extremes we're
social animals we want to be connected
with people right I wouldn't like
compare how I feel about so says
backstory to Healy's because I do find
Healy's the character so dynamic because
it's like it really is that pool of oh
he's he's good but he's not good but
he's not bad and rude not he has good
intentions but he's also kind of messy
why he does what he does read before I
just think I'm like oh that could be a
good friendship and then something
always just happens to kill it it's not
good to be friends yeah I don't know why
they're right action really was falling
for him I know right I'm always she yeah
yeah is I think once she started being
like we can't do this yeah turns on her
now he's putting that kind of energy
into his relationship with Judy yeah yes
so then that way it's a little betrayed
betrayal right it's definitely very
weird yeah it's curious so I don't mind
his storyline yeah for sure
no I don't either and I know something
we've we've wanted to dig a little
deeper with him his motivations because
we've always thought and sees his past
like what's the old I'm like it's just
weird
but speaking of Judy King it kind of
goes back to I was saying about the last
episode I think she's a complete fake
yeah and I think the reason why I
shouldn't want to do the cooking class
is because she's a complete fake and she
doesn't want anyone to find out she had
the producer she doesn't to make her
recipes and it just all came across to
me from the moment when she said oh now
I knew from the moment she was sitting
in his office that's that she's fake and
she's gonna say no and then she did and
then of course we saw that whole scene
when she had the class and she had no
idea what she was Greg could have made
something more exotic than corn bread
yeah with the little ingredients they
have I feel like I tried them more
valuable but it was it was it was great
because she had the excuse oh I don't
have any knives I can't do that we don't
have any ingredients here so I can't do
that and I hope that we get more
resources so that we can break it up you
guys and you know it was a this whole
excuse thing and then talking about all
the fancy food in it oh I don't do that
yeah I do comfort food but then she did
comfort food with some Filipino style
corn bread it was just weird yeah so I
think she's a complete fake and I think
we're gonna start figuring out more of
her fakery yeah I just love that she's
like all you need is just the locator
ton of butter
but it made me think of that you could
just teach a whole cooking vessel it's
not a butter y'all are gonna laugh
because that thought literally did not
even go through my head whatsoever but
now that y'all are saying in
commencement but I just thought she just
wanted to lay low and didn't want to
like get involved in anything while she
was in prison
but just that was the first thing faked
and this is kind of showing that she's a
complete fake yeah but I don't know
maybe people out there also agree and
I've seen more of the episodes that
won't give anything away well that's
like now she does know how to cook
around but I just Dean I've never
thought that this episode in particular
it was if you knew what you were dead if
you knew what you were doing you would
be able to do with your eyes closed if
you were this person you know you just
be I can do it you know we'll make all
this out of we can make everything out
of butter and a can of beans and we can
make the most amazing recipe so big but
we'll see
what else was going on I mean there's so
much I love how tasty is really taking
her job seriously she's got the jacket
on by this episode she asked a lot the
phone we're just curious about the
suspicious article about Beyonce's horse
exactly what is so good it was so great
we're trying to figure out the phone and
how many of us I mean anyone out there
there's actually I used to how
intimidating it was really transfer a
call and be able to do the lines and
hang up on people and she went back to
her bunk and like she's so source files
and stuff like I'm pretty sure I've gone
home and did not same thing about yeah
but then also at the end when she was
like I need a yoga ball actually that's
a real struggle surprising how much
access she has to everyone the guards
and their middle names she had all their
files that could be something to be
uncover maybe in a future episode when
she finds with great responsibility
comes great
but you know I do things like you're
what you're saying do you think about it
does me great but I think what you're
saying is exactly right she's gonna
under undercover she's gonna uncover
because of all the stuff with MCC and
the privatization and all that she's
gonna find out something so this is
gonna be a very key point for her to be
able to figure out what's happening in
the inside the prison so I love watching
that I know any mom she was late I was
so worried about what about the prisons
I get like a reality check are you
thinking Gloria speech was amazing this
is a real thing though and that's sort
of what has happened and you read about
this all the time as the recidivism
rates are so high because people are not
equipped to leave prison I've used that
word a lot to sort of the day because
it's quick they're not prepared to leave
prison and be able to get jobs nobody
wants to hire them they don't have the
skill set now to come out nobody's
really teaching them in prison and so
sometimes you're like I don't know where
I'm gonna live I don't know how many a
job to get an apartment I don't know how
I get my kids back is now I'm a felon
and sometimes they're like it's just
easier to be back into prison you know
they can get three meals a day and a
half they know that sure and their arms
shelter and and that's a real issue and
to see that play out with the character
there was brilliant because I did a real
thing they follow her outside of the
prison yeah there's a connection there
and see what happens and I'm hoping that
this will get her out and we'll find out
what happened to Bennett that's a good
link that's why I'm hoping so we'll see
what happens with that but that was a
great scene Gloria was just amazing
you know I I think it's such an
important thing yeah I feel like we have
to talk about lolly
yeah yeah I mean Piper obviously I guess
we yeah we should talk about a little
bit of Piper a dog it's almost it's like
a easy thing to breathe it's just like
that annoying confident
we talked about it's just what's
happening to her I don't think it's
gonna end up I don't think she's gonna
lose it completely because they don't
have the access to all this stuff that
she has access to but someone might find
out true right because she brings up the
whole point you know out there what's
gonna happen yeah yeah well yes we have
to talk about Wally because that yeah
there's a brilliant thread that runs
throughout this whole episode and you
know Reds trying to convince Freda not
to kill her and like this is ridiculous
well Alex tells red brings red in - yes
I was - because Alex knew that she had
me run because she's close to freezing
the frita whisperer yeah yeah that was a
horrible read did not want to be
involved cuz I does a terrible secret
secret so anyway she finds that out so
first she said she loves secrets it's
like the same thing everyone says we
want to gossip but if they hear gossip
they want to hear it but then when she
heard it she didn't want it is a
horrible thing to talk about so she's
trying to convince me no no no you know
this is okay and then she really sees
how just out there Wally is and how
she's gonna reveal everything and we
don't know what the drone thing is I
started thinking in this episode was the
drone really real but then I'm like we
did see in the other episode yeah and we
didn't really see it in yes but then we
didn't see than this one so I'm like is
she now seeing it more than it really is
they're like what is going on like the
whole thing is and it's just funny to me
because I'm actually working the show
that's out there so but what's going on
back
the brilliant thing what do you guys
think really quick well I love the
moment between her and Healey because it
was like it's a win for him but then it
also you can see the wheels turning in
her head like well crap did I cuz I was
thinking I've been wondering the whole
time like how she's gonna get out of
this or how they're gonna get around it
and she genuinely now believes that like
she was making it up she's like I didn't
keep brilliant Iranian for easy that's
the perfect thing to tell me when
they're crazy yes you did just save
Wally's life
Yeah right it's gonna be killer and
Alex's life but he also just made a big
one is really dead under the
ability occasionally you don't know but
it almost made me crazy
oh yeah like because the way that he
knew that she was basically he thought
she was just crazy and the way she was
talking about everything that was
brewing the way they did that and they
brought him back in to be able to give
her the counseling she needed and then
all of a sudden she believes that
Aiden's a hologram and that was just we
see what happens when she just gives
medication as a solution for everything
season that was horrible yeah but that
does scene at the end when she just
gives him a big actually was looked
relieved yeah that's what we've been
trying to tell you I think it's all fake
and so he did kind of save her life but
we're gonna find out what happens I'm so
fascinating about we talk about culture
now it's super quick I know cuz we've
got to wrap it up because we are yeah
well it's just kind of when I was
impressed with Doggett Kentucky that she
actually said I was she stood up for
health and she didn't and she didn't
kind of like yeah yeah she didn't get
attacked if she didn't attack him but
she also didn't get like confused by
what he was saying she's like oh it
wasn't right
she stood up for herself in the fact
that she was because she's been raped
before and she said this felt the same
as when she's been right before and I
thought that was just a really powerful
scene because we've seen how much she's
matured and how she's finally realizing
that these things that are happening to
her are wrong and I love that he says
all right I just wanted to talk about
that cuz like I was from his perspective
how all of a sudden he was like oh rape
but I've loved you and all this so it's
okay it's okay weird I was like you know
what you were doing but he seemed like
he genuinely was like but I said I love
yes okay you can tell he actually really
thinks that right yeah justice and we
talked about that last week how we were
like this dude like actually doesn't
think it's wrong yeah he doesn't see why
she's okay we saw that episode so I'm
fascinated to see where we're gonna go
how he reacts your bad I'm very curious
yes and until next time where can we
find you guys have we hit so much to
talk about
y'all can find me on Twitter and
Instagram at April with some hand you
can find me on Twitter and Instagram at
Stirling Cates and you can follow me
everywhere I can eagle all you can
follow me on Twitter and s maybe that's
SMA and eight zero and just for next
week we will be taping on Tuesday
because the 4th of July holiday episodes
5 & 6 so great cannot wait to see the
rest of the season have a great one
we'll see you next Tuesday same time
from executive producers Maria Menounos
Keven Undergaro fills me Tech and the
entire afterbuzz TV staff we would like
to thank you for listening to the
afterbuzz TV network to watch or listen
to other after shows and post comments
and questions be sure to visit turbos
tv.com I'm Sir Richard Wentworth and
this has been a presentation of
afterbuzz TV see you later have used
expressed herein are those of the hosts
only do not necessarily reflect the news
of afterbuzz TV or its older different
you